feat: update to bootstrap 5.2.3 angular 15 and ng-bootstrap 14 (#1146)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/eighty-hats-do.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-intranet-header': minor
'@swisspost/design-system-components-angular': minor
'@swisspost/design-system-components': minor
'@swisspost/design-system-styles': minor
'@swisspost/design-system-demo': minor
---

> Updated dependencies bootstrap@5.2.3, ng-bootstrap@14 and angular@15.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Major dependency update. The following versions are now supported:
  - Angular 15
  - Bootstrap 5.2.3
  - ng-bootstrap 14
```
